That was quite a journey.
We've covered a lot of ground in a short amount of time,
but I hope the practice that we did help to solidify the new knowledge.
To recap, by now,
you know what configuration management tools are and how to use them.
You can design an Ansible Playbook.
You can control remote machines using Ansible.
You can build an inventory file,
and you can make various types of CD jobs in our CI/CD pipeline,
like creating infrastructure, deploying, smoke testing, rollbacks.
We had a lot of fun in this lesson,
turning our manual commands and scripts into automated code that runs on every commit.
Now that we have production environments tested and running,
it's time to start monitoring. Let's roll.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6